Alloy Analyzer (source code mirror)
===================================

Summary
-------
This is a copy of the source code for [MIT's Alloy Analyzer model checking tool](http://alloy.mit.edu/alloy/).
It also includes an Ant build.xml script, which is not part of the original MIT source code.
This copy was created to facilitate modification to the core Alloy tool (the parts which fall
under the `edu.mit` package structure).

It was created as follows (not necessarily in this order):

1. Downloaded the JAR file located at: http://alloy.mit.edu/alloy/downloads/alloy4.2.jar
2. Extracted the JAR file.
3. Added this `README.md` file and a `build.xml` file.
3. Deleted core `.class` files (using the _clean_ target in `build.xml`)

Building
--------
The Ant build.xml script contains the following targets:

-   _build_: Compiles the `.java` files under the `edu` directory.

    Other directories are not touched; it is assumed that these contain libraries
    which have been pre-compiled.

    The auto-generated parser and lexer `.java` files (located in the `edu/mit/csail/sdg/alloy4compiler/parser` directory)
    are neither deleted nor generated by the Ant script.  The directory already contains shell scripts
    to re-generate them using JFlex and CUP.
-   _dist_: Creates an executable JAR file in the `dist` directory.  This JAR file looks essentially like the official
    Alloy JAR file released by MIT.
-   _all_: Runs _dist_.
-   _clean_: Deletes the `dist` directory and all class files under the `edu` directory.

Notes
-----

-   As per the manifest, the main class is `edu.mit.csail.sdg.alloy4whole.SimpleGUI`.
-   The version number and build date which the tool displays are not accurate.
    These are set in the `edu.mit.csail.sdg.alloy4.Version` class, and are supposed to be
    updated by the build script when building a release.
    This project was not intended to create official releases, so it was left as-is.
-   There is a class `edu.mit.csail.sdg.alloy4.MailBug` which includes logic to email
    crash reports to MIT.  You should change this class if you are modifying the source code
    and creating your own release.
